HUST 2025
12th International Workshop on HPC User Support Tools

Held in conjunction with Supercomputing: The International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis.
Overview
Supercomputing centers exist to drive scientific discovery by supporting researchers in computational science fields. To make users more productive in the complex HPC environment, HPC centers employ user support teams. These teams serve many roles, from setting up accounts, to consulting on math libraries and code optimization, to managing HPC software stacks. Often, support teams struggle to adequately support scientists. HPC environments are extremely complex, and combined with the complexity of multi-user installations, exotic hardware, and maintaining research software, supporting HPC users can be extremely demanding.

With the twelfth HUST workshop, we will continue to provide a necessary forum for system administrators, user support team members, tool developers, policy makers and end users. We will provide a forum to discuss support issues and we will provide a publication venue for current support developments. Best practices, user support tools, and any ideas to streamline user support at supercomputing centers are in scope.

Our workshop is scheduled on Sunday, Nov 16, 2:00 – 5:30pm CT in St. Louis, MO USA as part of the SC25 conference.
Join the discussions on HUST Community Slack


Participate in the HUST Community Survey


Contact: Elsa Gonsiorowski

Program
HUST25 Workshop Program
HUST25 will be an in-person workshop as part of SC25, please join us in St. Louis! Speakers and participants are reminded to adhere to the SC code of conduct.

Sunday, November 16, 2025
2:00pm CST

HUST Welcome & Introduction (1 minute)
Workshop organizers: Chris Bording, Elsa Gonsiorowski, Lev Gorenstein, Aaron Jezghani, Ilya Zhukov
2:00pm-2:20pm CST

A Modular, Responsive, and Accessible HPC Dashboard Built upon Open OnDemand
Richie Tan, Guangzhen Jin
2:20pm-2:40pm CST

Open Composer: A Web-Based Application for Generating and Managing Batch Jobs on HPC Clusters
Masahiro Nakao, Keiji Yamamoto
2:40pm-3:00pm CST

Is it an HPC Workflow Assistant? Is it a Framework? It’s Drona Workflow Engine
Andrii Kryvenko, Duy Pham, Marinus Pennings, Honggao Liu
3:00pm-3:30pm CST

Afternoon Break
3:30pm-3:50pm CST

Generating Frequently Asked Questions from Technical Support Tickets using Large Language Models
Christina Joslin, David Burns, FNU Ashish, Elham Sarbijan
3:50pm-4:10pm CST

AskHPC: A ChatBot for High Performance Computing User Support
Akhilesh Bondapalli, Huihuo Zheng, Oluwaseun T. Ajayi, Murat Keceli, Haritha Siddabathuni Som, Beth Cerny, Taylor Childers, Lisa Childers, Yasaman Ghadar, Michael Papka, Venkatram Vishwanath, Rong Ge
4:10pm-4:30pm CST

HUST Community Survey
Elsa Gonsiorowski
4:30pm-4:50pm CST

ModuLair: Streamlining Python Virtual Environment Management for HPC
Surada Suwansathit, Ananya Adiki, Gabriel Floreslovo, Marinus Pennings, Honggao Liu
4:50pm-5:10pm CST

Dori: User Centered HPC for Data Intensive Computing
Georg Rath
5:10pm-5:20pm CST

Job Script Portability Tool: Cat-based Localization Scheme (CLS)
Craig Steffen
5:20pm-5:30pm CST

AnvilOps: Increasing Accessibility of Kubernetes with Automated Builds and Deployments
Brendan Swanson, Emma Zheng, LJ Lumas, Haniye Kashgarani
Topics
Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:
Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

Defining and customising the user environment
Software tools for system testing and monitoring
Software build and installation tools
Tools and frameworks for using system performance analysis tools
Workflow and pipeline tools
Collaborative development tools
Novel HPC environments: cloud, support for containers
Storage tools and strategies for efficient use
Supporting Hadoop and Spark clusters for Big Data
ML, AI, and other Data Analysis workflows
Establishing baseline configuration efforts for HPC
Software tools for system testing and monitoring
Supporting complex HPC environments, e.g., hardware heterogeneity
Documentation: creating, maintaining and auto-updating
Submission
We invite authors to submit original, high-quality work with sufficient background material to be clear to the HPC community.

Format
All submissions should be made electronically through the SC25 Submissions website. Papers should be submitted as PDF file using the ACM proceedings two-column template (sigconf option for LaTeX users). Camera-ready production will be handled by TAPS. We kindly refer authors to the necessary templates.

Submissions must be double blind, i.e., authors should remove their names, institutions or hints found in references to earlier work. When discussing past work, they need to refer to themselves in the third person, as if they were discussing another researcher’s work. Furthermore, authors must identify any conflict of interest with the PC chair or PC members.

We are accepting:

Full papers, 5-12 pages including figures, tables, and references. Full papers will be included in the published proceedings.
Short papers, 2-4 pages including figures, tables, and references Short papers will not be included in the published proceedings.
 Click here to submit.

Dates
Important Dates
Submissions Open: June 27, 2025
Submissions Deadline: August 11, 2025 August 4, 2025
Acceptance notifications: September 5, 2025
Camera-ready papers: September 29, 2025
Workshop: November 16, 2025
Committees
Organizing Committee
Chris Bording, The University of Western Australia, Australia
Elsa Gonsiorowski, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, USA
Lev Gorenstein, Globus // University of Chicago, USA
Aaron Jezghani, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA
Ilya Zhukov, Jülich Supercomputing Centre, Germany
Program Committee
Francesco Bongiovanni, LuxProvide, Luxembourg
Brad Crawford, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA
Max Hawkins, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA
Guangzhen Jin, Purdue University, USA
Vasileios Karakasis, NVIDIA, Switzerland
Paul Kolano, Tesla, USA
Geoffrey Lentner, Purdue University, USA
Deepa Phanish, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA
William Powell, Georgia Institute of Technology, USA
Todd Raeker, University of Michigan, USA
Gaurav Saxena, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain
Nannan Shan, Purdue University, USA
